{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. I have chosen to code a slot machine titled \'91The One Armed Bandit\'92\
There will be three \'91spinners\'92 that will contain several symbols. Each spinner will be assigned a variable and have random access to the list of symbols.\
The game starts with a deposit from the user. Then a prompt to play or quit with the tokens that are left.\
The play option prompts how much the user would like to bet. Then the spinners are spun. If two of the spinners match, the user wins the amount he bet. If all three match the user wins back twice the amount he bet. If none match, the user loses the bet.\
The game continues with the new amount of tokens and repeats from the play or quit prompt.\
The game will also end if the user runs out of tokens.\
\
2. With some help from Michael, I created three functions: \'91deposit\'92, \'91risk\'92 and \'91slot_machine\'92. Originally, I had the entire game in a while loop, but decided to create the separate functions instead.\
The deposit function accepts the amount of tokens deposited into the game from the user. It will only accept positive integers.\
The \'91risk\'92 function accepts how much the user wishes to bet on each spin. It also only accepts positive integers.\
The \'91slot_machine\'92 function runs the spinners, using the initial deposit and the risk functions, then calculating the winnings/losses and returns the final amount. It also returns user back to the play/quit prompt. It will continue until the user decides to leave with his winnings or there are no tokens remaining.\
\
\
\
3. In both versions of my project I learned a great deal about putting functions, prompts, etc into the correct order. I also learned to cover every possible option, including incorrect answers from the user. \
Eventually I would like to increase the complexity of the game itself, adding more spinners or lines of spinners, more symbols, and maybe decrease the chance of winning (because that is how Vegas works).\
\
}